---
navigation:
  title: 🏠Home
---



# **Hi, I'm Wes!** 👋


I’m a AI & Data Specialist with a passion for learning and a broad understanding of data and developer ecosystems. From analytics and integration to automation and architecture, I thrive on diving deep into diverse streams of knowledge. My curiosity and adaptability drive me to bridge technical and business domains, delivering meaningful solutions that empower teams to make data-driven decisions with confidence.

---

## Work History

| **Year**       | **Position**                                | **Company**              |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| 2023  | Digital Data Specialist                    | .Monks             |
| 2020   | Data & Media Specialist                         | Woolworths |
| 2019   | Markerting and Performance Analyst                         | Merkle Australia         |
| 2017    | Data Analyst                               | Merkle Australia         |

---
::card
---
title: Visit My GitHub Profile
description: Explore my open-source projects featuring data pipelines, ML models, and API integrations using Python, SQL, and JavaScript. Including implementations of LLM APIs and analytics solutions.
href: https://github.com/LargeLanguageMan
---
::

## Technical Expertise

- **Data Architecture**: Designing and implementing scalable systems for analytics using GA4, BigQuery, GCP, AWS, and Redshift.
- **Programming**: Advanced proficiency in SQL, Python, and JavaScript for data manipulation, analysis, and solution automation.
- **Developer Enablement**: Creating APIs and scripts for automating workflows, such as integrating Google Ads API with custom metrics pipelines.
- **Analytics Platforms**: Google Analytics 360, Adobe Analytics, and Adobe Experience Platform for cross-platform data strategies.
- **Data Visualisation**: Building interactive dashboards using Google Data Studio and Power BI to simplify insights for stakeholders.
- **Tagging and Tracking**: Expert in Google Tag Manager, Firebase, and event-based tracking for precise analytics integration.

---

## Core Achievements

- Developed custom machine learning models (e.g., k-means clustering) for actionable insights into client and publisher data.
- Built automated data pipelines for seamless integration across platforms like GA4, Adobe, and Azure.
- Created developer-friendly documentation and proof-of-concepts for API-driven solutions.
- Designed innovative data-driven strategies that increased campaign efficiency and audience segmentation.
- Designed and implemented NEXT JS API for Gemini LLM models as a company-wide solution.

---

# Read about my projects and blogs

::two-cards
---
title1: Gemini Next API
description1: Learn how to integrate the gemini API into your next project.
href1: /blog/next-gemini-api
title2: Ollama Setup
description2: Setting up and creating your first local model and editing the modelfile.
href2: /blog/local-llm 
---
::

::card
---
title: Create LLM CLI
description: In this project, I will show you how to download and install Ollama models, and use the API to integrate them into your app.
href: /blog/setup-ollama
---
::

